No.				



The Open Project Application Form of State Key Laboratory of Advanced Fiber Materials, Donghua University
（Revised in 2026）



Proposal Title：	  
		Applicant：	  
		Affiliation：	  
		Mailing Address：	  
		Zip Code ：	  
		Phone：	 
		E-mail：	 
		Application Date：	  
		
Guideline

Please read carefully “Application Instructions and Regulations of Open Research Fund, State Key Laboratory of Advanced Materials, Donghua University” before you fill this form.
The size of application form is A4. If the page is insufficient, you can add page by yourself. The content must be filled item by item. If you don’t have content to fill in some table, please fill “N/A’’. You should fill the application based on facts and make it clear. 
Submit one original and one duplicate application form (with attached publications), and email an electronic copy to the designated address.
The applicant does not need to fill the Table of "No." on the cover. 
Please send back the form with the signature of the leader of your institute and the stamp of your organization before Aug. 30, 2026 (contribution date is according to local postmark) ： 
Address： Room B350, 2999 North Renin Road, Songjiang District, Composite Building B350. Donghua University, Shanghai 201620, China 
Contact person: Ms. Yanhong Wang
Email:  HYPERLINK "mailto:sklafm@dhu.edu.cn" \t "https://yiyan.baidu.com/chat/_blank" sklafm@dhu.edu.cn
Phone: +86-21-67792934; fax: +86-21-67792865
The Open Project Application Form of State Key Laboratory of Advanced Fiber Materials, Donghua University
Brief	Proposal title	(please do not adjust the format of this page, the content of this page is limited to one page)			Subject category	(Fundamental research
(Applied basic research	Total cost	    			Expenditure categories	( fully-funded 
( Partly- funded
( Own funds	Applied financial support	   			Duration	From         to		Appl-
icant	Name		Gender		Age		Academic Degree				Professional title		Position				E-mail		Phone				Affiliation		Cellphone				Address and Zip Code			Coop-
erator in SKLAFM	Name 	Gender 	Professi-onal title	Position	Phone/Email	Signature										Participants	Name	Gender	Professi-onal title	Position	Affiliation	Signature																										Other sources of financial support			Applicant’s signature：




                Date: 	Affiliation opinion with seal


                  Date: 		
Project summary


Application basis
(500 words limit)	





		Basic cooperation with SKLAFM partners in the early stage (jointly undertaking projects, publishing papers, awards, etc.)			Ⅰ. Project background and meaning 
(The research significance, domestic and international present situation and research trends analysis, which is necessary to discuss the scientific significance in combination with the development trend of scientific research; Or combined with the urgent need in national economy and social development to solve the key scientific and technological problems to discuss its application prospects. Please also list the main references.)






Main references:










		





















Main references:
























		Ⅱ. Project work content
2.Research contents, research objectives and the key scientific problems needs to be solved in the project (This part focuses on the content.)
2.1 Research contents





2.2 Research objectives




2.3 Key scientific problems need to be solved




3. Research methods and technical routes to be adopted (Including the overall arrangement and progress of the research work, theoretical analysis and calculation, experimental methods and procedures and feasibility analysis, possible problems and solutions.)
3.1 Research methods and technical routes





3.2 Feasibility analysis



4. Expected result (Expected results and form of provision. If it is a theoretical result, it should state what problems are solved theoretically and its scientific significance; if it is an applied result or basic data, its application prospects should be stated.)











		Ⅲ. Project foundation
The relevant work experience related to the project and research achievements you have obtained. 






2. Others (apparatus, research and technical personnel, cooperative conditions, the fund which is from other sponsors, and which research group of SKLAFM you want to join in).



































		Ⅳ. The applicant resume
(Fill in your education background, research work experiences and history; recent main publications and research achievements or awards related to this topic, detailed sources of the publications and achievements are also needed; directed or participated research projects and obtained talent fund project. For the projects supported by the government, Academy of Sciences or university, please indicates performance, evaluation, citations and applications.)







































		Ⅴ. Funding project budget
Budget outlays	Budgets	Descriptions		Ⅰ.  HYPERLINK "http://dict.cn/reasearch%20funds" Reasearch funds				1.Research Operating expenses				（1）Test & Analysis expenses				（2）Energy & power expenses				（3）Meeting&travel expenses（≤15%）				（4）Publication/ reference/ intellectual property				（5）others				2. Experimental Material				（1）Materials				（2）others				3. Instrument Equipment expenses				（1）Commercial available equipment				（2）Custom-made equipment				4. Lab Maintenance（≤15%）				5. Collaboration fees（≤10%）				Ⅱ. International collaboration and communication expenses（≤15%）				1.Project members go abroad for communication and collaboration				2.Foreign experts come to China for communication and collaboration				Ⅲ. Service fees for students and postdoctoral fellow（≤15%） 				Ⅳ. Management fees（≤10%）				Total amount				
The opinion of the director of SKLAFM：





Director of SKLAFM    
	 Signature	
(seal of the institute if available) 


Date:		Ⅵ. Review opinions and grants
 PAGE 3



