


The Hong Kong Polytechnic University

State Key Laboratory of Ultra-precision Machining Technology (SKL-UPMT)

Open Research Project Application



Project Title:			Name of Applicant:			Affiliation:			Address:			Postal Code:			Tel No.:			Fax No.:			Email: 			Date of Application:			


State Key Laboratory of Ultra-precision Machining Technology (SKL-UPMT)

December 2025






Instructions for Filling in the Application Form


Before filling out this application form, please carefully read the “Application Guidelines for State Key Laboratory of Ultra-precision Machining Technology Open Research Project 2026” and the “Management Guidelines for State Key Laboratory of Ultra-precision Machining Technology Open Research Project”. All information provided in the application must be truthful and accurate. Complete each section thoroughly, ensuring clear and precise expression. The application must be type-written. For abbreviations, provide the full term upon first use.
If the applicant holds a doctoral degree and working as a postdoctoral fellow, two recommendation letters from Assistant Professors or above must be attached to the application.
The application must follow the format of Times New Roman font, 12-point size with single-line spacing. The application form shall be submitted as a PDF file via email.
Applications without the organization’s endorsement (including official seal and signature) will not be accepted.

Project Title			Project Category	A. Basic Research            B. Applied Basic Research            C. Applied Research		Project Duration	From  (Month-Year)  to (Month-Year)  	Funding Requested	HKD		Applicant Information	Full Name		Gender		Date of Birth	(Month-Year)  			Passport/ ID No.		Highest Degree				Graduating Institution
(Highest Degree)				Professional Title		Discipline			Principal Investigator and Key Team Members		No.	Name	Gender	Date of Birth	Degree	Professional Title	Discipline	Affiliation	Role in Project	Work Months per Year	Signature																																																														Project Collaborators (Must be one of the SKL-UPMT members)		No.	Name	Gender	Date of Birth	Degree	Professional Title	Discipline	Affiliation	Role in Project	Work Months per Year	Signature														Abstract (within 200 words):






		Keywords (maximum of 5):		I. Background (e.g. Significance, Literature Review)



		(Attach extra pages if necessary)II. Research Plan (e.g. Key Scientific Problems to be Solved, Research Objectives, Research Content, Research Methodology, Implementation plan)
		(Attach extra pages if necessary)
III. Existing Research Foundation
		(Attach extra pages if necessary)
IV. Research Progress & Expected Outcomes
		
V. Budget Breakdown
No.	Expense Item	Amount (HKD)	Justifications			Material expenses					Testing and processing fees					Travelling expenses
(for academic visit to the SKL-UPMT only)					Publication/ intellectual property fees					Total				Note: All costs must be eligible according to the PolyU’s purchase guidelines, within the allocated budget.
VI.	Recommendations
(For Applicants who are working as a postdoctoral fellow, please provide recommendations from two referees who are Assistant Professors or above. The recommendation should clearly address the following aspects: Significance of the Proposed Project, Feasibility and Expected Outcomes, Research Capacity of the Project Team, etc.)














Name:                                                                    Professional Title:
Discipline:                                                             Affiliation:                 
Signature:                                                              Date:                                  		












Name:                                                                    Professional Title:
Discipline:                                                             Affiliation:                 
Signature:                                                              Date:                                  		VII.	Comments and Endorsement from Organization of Applicant










Head of the Applicant’s Organization (Signature):                                 Stamp:
                                                                                                                Date:
		

VIII. Comments from the SKL-UPMT Review Committee








                                            Chairman of the Committee (Signature):
                                                                                                    Date:		








SKL-UPMT Open Research Project Application

PAGE  






- PAGE  7 -





